Real-time
CDC pipeline so this is a type of
a very common request from this big
customer that we have in Germany.
They often want to move data from
deepest places in the infrastructure.
Another infrastructure.
Places onsite, places on premise, places
from third party services that they have.
So in this case, they have a few
servers running OTRS instances
for their ticket system.
So all systems run.
Now ZNUNY, which is a new version
of the, of OTRS and it's fully open
source and driven by the community.
So the goal here was basically take the
databases from ZNUNY Connect to Google
Datastream, which is a service on Google
Cloud that acts as a replication manager.
In between the MySQL database and
BigQuery, it can handle sorts of
different data sources and data targets,
in this case was MySQL to BigQuery.
And the interesting fact about
Datastream and this specific
this specific workflow is that.
The report team can have access
to the data stream that I created,
and they can choose what table.
And within these tables they can choose
which columns they want to replicate.
So it's very good.
So they can control, they're like the
admin person that has access to this.
They can control using the user
interface, which is very easy.
They can control.
Sensitive data to be out of BigQuery
for reporting and just select
specific table specific columns to
be transmitted to BigQuery, and they
can update that anytime they want.